# Introduction
Hi, I am Nat a current undergraduate student in anthropology. My passions in anthropology are bioarcaeology and forensic anthropology. In the future, I hope to do government work in relation to repatriation of fallen soliders, or humanitarian work to help identify and repatriate those who suffered at the hands of genocide around the world. This passion of mine was inspired by my family members who survived the holocaust, many of them did not. I hope I will be able to bring closure to families who were always left wondering what happened and where their family members ended up. This blog will follow my journey through a class that focuses on science and technology in anthropology. I'm excited to start learning!!
## Helpful links
### Week 1
- [Markdown Cheat Sheet](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/) 
- [Daring Fireball](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax)
- [Footnote How To](https://www.bing.com/videos/riverview/relatedvideo?q=how+to+put+in+a+footnote+in+github&&mid=5EDAE04394D339B77D975EDAE04394D339B77D97&&mmscn=stvo&FORM=VRDGAR)
### Week 2
- [Research Rabbit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phWqcGcxeE4&t=2s)
- [Google Scholar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FrzmPkOMHh4&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fmycourses.siu.edu%2F&source_ve_path=Mjg2NjY)
## Learning Goals
# Week 3
This week I explored citation management softward. I found the content for this week really overwhelming for some reason, and it took me a bit of time to start it. Once I did I realized I was going to have to make some changes to how I am going about this class and my learning style. I took notes on paper and online to figure out what the best way to take notes in this class was. I quickly found out that to synthesize the video and readings, which I really enjoyed but were rather long, I was going to have to start writing down my thoughts in an easy way. I think from now on I am going to have a running word document going, as I found that was the most helpful way to do things this week. ALthough, I normally prefer paper it was just easy to have online notes. Being able to draw from my notes on a specific topic directly to writing an annotation or discussion post was easier for me than going tab to tab. The jumping between tabs for me was really rough this week and it was just easier for me to copy paste the question into my word document and than write my response there where I have easy access to my notes and comments.
We also chose and added to a library on Zotero where I added three citations. When choosing citations, I read the abstract for my first reference, Digitisation: Theories and Concepts for Empirical Cultural Research. There is a specific chapter, "Ludification of culture: The significance of play and games in everyday practices of the digital era,"(Koch 2017), which I was drawn to in the context of analyzing the anthropology of video games. The next citation I chose was Archaeogaming: An Introduction to Archaeology in and of Video Games (Reinhard 2018). I am currently playing a game called Palia, which has a whole plot line revolving around archaeology. I thought this was a fascinating paper, and when I have the time, I am definitely going to read it. My third citation lacked an abstract; instead, it provided a PDF of the completed work, Religion in Digital Games (Heidbrink n.d.), which summarized the evolution of religion in video games over time. I chose this because it seemed interesting. (This is directly from my paper for the week) (Eves 2025)
# Week 2
This week I explored Library Research and Literature Review tools. This exploration included Research Rabbit, Google Scholar, and my schools online library. As I was familirizing myself with these tools I realized that I prefered certain tools over others, and in discussion this week one of my peers (PVM) pointed out that Research Rabbit does a lot of things that Google Scholar does. I whole heartedly agree with this. After exploring, I feel like Google Scholar is the "old" while Research Rabbit is the "new". Research Rabbit allows you to see timelines, connections, and similar articles compared to the sources or articles that you are using. This can save students and professionals a lot of time that they would otherwise spend "data munging" [^1] when they are doing research. Rather than be hunting for articles and not finding anything they are automatically recommended to you. But I will still be using other tools such as Google Scholar and my universitys library to find articles as well. 
## Questions
Research Rabbit does generate some questions from me about how the recommendations work. 
- Are certain articles going to be recommended more than others? 
- How unbiased is Research Rabbit? 
- Have there been any times where it should be recommending something but it is not?
- What is being used to create the generations? 
# Week 1
I followed all the directions that I was provided and have also been reading the extra information that has been linked. My favorite helpful links that were provided for Github specifically are: [Markdown Cheat Sheet](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/) and [Daring Fireball](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax) This week has also shown me that even though things appear unfamiliar, it will be okay, no matter what with the support of my peers and the instructions provided by my instructor I will be able to figure out how to work new things. Additionally, even if I do not get it on the first try that reviewing the instructions and using my sources I will get closer to the answer in my next couple of trys. 

## Footnotes: 
[^1]: [Source](https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/advances-in-archaeological-practice/article/will-it-ever-be-fair/9073D28A74C2FE87E53B3C5A7437AC74)
